[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we're gonna take a run through puppet
master for let's get to it in an attempt
to dive deeper into the mythology this
movie opens on a group of satanic
underworld puppets they're in the
process of sending soldiers into our
world to protect the secrets stolen by
too long it prevent us from discovering
them but we didn't even have a notion
you existed until you decided to reveal
yourself so you may need to rethink that
one we then find ourselves at biotech
industries where an unusual wooden box
is being delivered by this goth courier
up in the lab we find dr. Piper fiddling
with robotics and algorithms completely
ignoring the possibility of using magic
to reach her goals
after a brief success she calls her
cohort dr. Baker to engage in typical
science banter indeed the box is
delivered to her office not knowing way
it is she sets it aside for now
but then experiences the worst possible
outcome for a science lab when there's a
power surge resulting in lights-out and
a lockdown she grabs for her keys and
sacrifices a finger in the process and
she tries to crawl away the demon dog
gets its hooks in her and sucks out her
life force we then find ourselves at
Bodega Bay with Rick the Boy Wonder
working on his battle bots and wearing
his finest Kinko's he plays a fun game
of death laser with them which is how he
tests his robots for sufficient levels
of AI to stimulate life oh that's how
that's done he's interrupted by his
girlfriend Susie who comes to visit and
brings her friends Loren and Cameron
who's a total douche exactly meanwhile
dr. Baker gets a familiar wooden box
delivered to him not one to suffer
childish pranks lightly he promptly puts
the figure in his nuclear incinerator
which seems like overkill regardless the
demon is able to escape his radiated
prison and makes short work of dr. Baker
back at the dinner table the group gets
to know each other a little better
we come to find out that Cameron has
been trailing Rick's geniuses whole
career but thinks he has finally carved
out his own niche working on the
top-secret Omega project unfortunately
he comes to find that what he does is
essentially a data entry job compiling
Rick's results they take a field trip to
the lab and Lauren a Chandler starts
getting the feels she wanders off in
screams the group finds her unconscious
and attempts to gently hand slap her
awake she warns them away from to Long's
chest she goes off to get some rest this
is too much for the guys naturally
curious and looking to assert their
thirst for adventure in front of their
lady friends they eventually managed to
burst the thing open and find the
remaining puppets along with tool ons
Journal they dive right in and start
injecting the puppets with the animation
juice the puppets come too and they all
stare at each other for a bit the group
retires for the evening and Cameron
begins to turn on his manipulative
charms his intent is to steal to LAN
secret and deliver it to the Omega group
so he can be the top dog meanwhile Rick
is having a laser battle to test the
intelligence of the puppets and suzie
relaxes casually within the confines of
the firing range while a familiar box is
delivered to the inn Cameron gets Lauren
to play some Egyptian Ouija and they
promptly open a gateway to the
underworld this scares them off but Rick
and Suzy not having seen the danger
choose to stay this works out for them
as Cameron gets stuck in the car with
one of the demons and is quickly
converted into a bloody pulp II mess we
have a demon puppet showdown converting
into a chase sequence and ending with
the puppets working in unison like a
well-oiled machine when they dispatched
the demon we see that they're connected
to the underlings who drop when their
avatar dies
Rick now understanding the stakes
discovers a new puppet called the Kappa
Tron which is animated in a Frankenstein
Ian method for some reason the demon
breaks in and everyone stands around for
a bit as it menaces them
Rick proves ineffectual but six-shooter
manages to lassu the small creature to
London pops in to provide some advice
and then pieces out Lauren runs off to
find a good hiding spot and chooses
sitting still underneath the table Suzy
attempts to help and squares off with
the demon there seems to be an emphasis
here on the use of footwork to confuse
the creature and then they pour acid on
it to LAN then grants them the final
secrets via Lauren so Rick mumbo-jumbo
some garbage into his commodore 64 and
stuff turns real science E and then
decapitron awakens the electro blasts
the demon intermittently until it
explodes the torch is then passed on to
Rick the new puppet master for now and
that was the fourth installment almost
halfway there I hope you enjoyed the
video thanks for watching
[Applause]
[Music]